# key points about the funcions 

# arrow functions
Arrow functions are not hoisted.
It is not possible to use them as constructors ,since they do not have the prototype property like regular functions.
 It is not possible to create an object using an arrow function in JavaScript.
 
 Key Characteristics of Arrow Functions:

    No this binding: Arrow functions do not have their own this. They inherit this from the surrounding lexical scope.

    No prototype property: Arrow functions do not have a prototype property, which means you cannot use them as constructors. Without a prototype, you cannot use the new keyword to create objects
    


# regular functions or statements or declarations:
Regular functions in JavaScript have a prototype property, which allows you to use the new keyword to create objects. This is how JavaScript enables object-oriented programming via constructor functions.
Objects can be created ,since has the prototype property.
can act as  a constructor function.
Hoited.

# function expression:
it is possible to create an object using a function expression in JavaScript, provided the function expression is defined as a regular function (not an arrow function).

Function expressions are not at all hoisted even though they use the regular functions.

1. Anonymous Function Expression:

An anonymous function expression is a function that doesn't have a name. It is defined and assigned to a variable.

2. Named Function Expression:

A named function expression is a function that is assigned to a variable and has a name. The function name is available within the function body, but not outside of it.

3. Arrow Function Expression:

Arrow functions provide a more concise syntax and behave differently from regular function expressions. They do not have their own this, arguments, or prototype.

4. 
An IIFE is a function expression that is invoked immediately after it is defined. It is often used to create a new scope, especially in JavaScript modules before let and const were widely supported.



  
    
